what's the square root of 6759759659?
3

How many alien races are currently breeding with humans on earth?

what was the exact frequency of my original frequency domain? 
-before i was phased to this frequency domain?
--and if so, 
--can i build my own phasing envelope, 
--to take me back down?

are these domains, seperated by octaves or semitones?
-seems they are: 
very distinct, minute, as in, 
microtonal intervals between dimensional holdings.

I am sick of you getting to phase hard, steal my shit, 
then do evil shit to me, when i am stuck like a dildo.
being dirty, used, abused, broke, not repaired, 
and having all it's decisions made for it.
and... for instance.

when is my bladder going to be fixed...?
surely if you are going to be me, 
you are going to have the fucking thing fixed right?

surely you know I dont pee like normal people whatsoever.
surely you know I had to \learn a completely different way to urinate.
Surely you told everyone WHY i had to to pee in the areas I did.
Surely you let everyone underztand why I peed in water bottles.
or used the sinks, or the gallon jugs?
Or why I had so many of them around my room?
Surely you let everyone know how sick you mqade me, on purpose.
Surely you told them about how huge my legs got that one time, 
that i couldnt walk normal, being full of urine. 
that was when Betty was talking about coming to St pete, 
remember, you psychopath?

Ok, how about this.
My mom, yesterday wakes up crying, cuz she doesnt know what to do.
And this right here is literally ALL 
of your fucking fault you fucking peiece of shit.
She is very intersted in buying a car.
She is trying to get a loan.
The Jinni, Destroyed her other vehicles...
I'm trying to figure out how to get her to not buy one, 
cuz  know the fucking faggot, 
will break her fucking method of getting to work.
just as he has done so many times before.
I justy dont fucking get it.
why are you such a total fucking bitch dude?
serious, i really want to know.
how many times did i piss in your cheerios?
and, for real, why would you act so happy for me to see you when i did.
knowing you are the most despicable thing, I have ever known.
I guess killing another human doesn't really matter much 
after you have such a high score already.

Hellooooo???????????????

I ssked earlier today: 

If, I moved.
Would he continue to destroy my stuff and my everyone else's stuff?
---> he said nothing. This is why I want to Curse him, for real.
Not just banishing shit.
But straight up heavy duty blood fire fuckin moon and 
killing animals type fuckin whatever shit.
Cuz i'm getting fucking mad.
The Fuckin Jinni, constantly, meaning Every day, 
tells me he's going to kill me.
Then the mother fucker acts as if I'm his...



I am not.

and My brain is MINE.
My brain is not for your fucking stupid djinn computer.
Fuck your computer. (smacks head with rubber mallet)

You break my fucking computers?


how's that you fucking bitch? (smacks head with rubber mallet)


how about i go and learn Boxing?????

You break my fucking cars?

okay then.

let's play.
(smacks head with rubber mallet)

Hours later while explaining the situation to an outside observer,
I feel very well embarassed as to the nature of our little spat.
The possibility I found his weakness, has me gitty.
I no longer had to worry about trying to figure out how to curse him, 
like he does me, now all i have to do is give my brain case a few lumps.

Ah it's feel good to be a gangsta.
Now evverytime he thinks he can bully me, I can pick up the no wammy 
no wammy no wammy NO. and Boom, crack fuck that hurt. 
and his computerr is Bizzonkykungdoop.

If only I could have known what using my fucking brain, 
could have been like. My dad could have been proud, 
I could have made my mom safe.

I could have done so many of my dreams, fucking asshole, 
I wish he was human so I could paint him like a veiny dick,
and make him go to a catholic church on ACID, 
with Ian making him fart, egg farts.

so i could stand outside and pee on him with my brand new bladder, 
and three times sized weener.
so thaqt after the ushers throwin him out close the doors, 
i jump out of tree. and he's laying on the ground pure terror, 
cuz i'm dressed all Zulu. looking crazy savage.
and that Nigger God told mehe was now a Pirate. (psst a butt pirate)
then when he tries to kill himself with some terrorist shit, 
we will dress him up as a pirate, lock him in a room with 100 spongebob 
videos playing the pirate guy intros for like 3 hours.
Then door opens and tell him to go pillage with some plastic weapons.
and let him loose in some abandoned chinese city. eventually
he will go through the peaceful introspective shit.
the trees will sing to him that he was a dick, 
and he will be better, but the words won't make sense.
it'll just sound like: "Hi We think we are trees and so we sing to you. 
because that's what we do all day, 
and today we're singing just for youuuu." 
you might be a damn booty pirate, but that will have to dooodooo. 
Finch proably still hates you. If you only let him be. 
he could fix himself, he doesnt need you at all, 
he is a master of health.
the things hwe knows are beyond his grasp, 
uz you stole his fucking brains and i'm sure this makes you laugh, 
ha ha ha ha.

What happens to people when you let them be.
People can change, when people are free, they aren't your play toys, 
like how you are into tea time with uhh--"

then around the time when it's pretty much starting to wear off, 
he will think twice about being such a fuckin dick.
but probably not becuz he's insane, and he wants finch to be insane too.
but finch is very well versed in the art.
and insane is so fucking 1990's.
don't be a terrorist.
If you trap me in your lucid dream world distributed brain computer 
complex thing. I'm going to be pissed. 
cuz nothing is more fucked up, 
than knowing you aren't somewhere real.

BTW, the whole thing you must have gotten pissed about, 
probably me shit talking homos. it must have confused,
the absolute shit out of you When i was polite and respectful,
to gays in person. 
If you want to know, It's the entire group that I havwe problems with.
each individual is a person, and deserve to be treated as one. 
unless their dicks, then i just don't notice them. 
I don't pay attention to people like that.
you are the exception due to what you have done to me though...
